content/_index.md, before:


I'm a junior DevOps engineer based in Singapore, responsible for managing,
maintaining and monitoring internal Linux systems. I am familiar with Python and
Go, and try my best to automate my job away. In my spare time, I enjoy indie
games, building [keyboards]({{< ref "/tags/keyboards/"
>}}) and selfhosting. I collect notes of various dev and devops topics here.

<!-- >Another flaw in human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody -->
<!-- >wants to do maintenance. -->
<!-- >-- Kurt Vonnegut Jr. -->

Find me on [Github](https://github.com/kencx).

## Projects

### Hubble Homelab

[Hubble](https://github.com/kencx/homelab-iac) is a private, on-prem homelab
hosted on Proxmox with the design goals:
- Infrastructure as code
- Immutable infrastructure
- Automated provisioning and bootstrapping with CI/CD
- Zero trust security
- Automated backups

I use this home server to self-host useful services, and continuously experiment
and learn different development and infrastructure tools.

### Cloud Resume Challenge

A static [site](https://resume.cheo.dev) with a visitor counter built with AWS
services. It is fully managed with Terraform and code changes are deployed
automatically with CI/CD. More information [here](https://github.com/kencx/cloudresumechallenge).

### dotfiles

A collection of my [dotfiles](https://github.com/kencx/dotfiles) and custom
scripts I've amassed.

Commit message:

remove some links, add keyb project

content/_index.md, after:


I'm a junior DevOps engineer based in Singapore, responsible for managing,
maintaining and monitoring internal Linux systems. I am familiar with Python and
Go, and try my best to automate my job away. In my spare time, I enjoy indie
games, building [keyboards]({{< ref "/tags/keyboards/"
>}}) and selfhosting. I collect notes of various dev and devops topics here.

Find me on [Github](https://github.com/kencx).

## Projects

### Hubble Homelab

[Hubble](https://github.com/kencx/homelab-iac) is a private, on-prem homelab
hosted on Proxmox with the design goals:
- Infrastructure as code
- Immutable infrastructure
- Automated provisioning and bootstrapping with CI/CD
- Zero trust security
- Automated backups

I use this home server to self-host useful services, and continuously experiment
and learn different development and infrastructure tools.

### Cloud Resume Challenge

A static [site](https://resume.cheo.dev) with a visitor counter built with AWS
services, including DynamoDB, AWS Lambda and API Gateway. All cloud services are
entirely managed with Terraform. The Lambda code is written in Python and code
changes are automatically deployed with Github Actions. More information
[here](https://github.com/kencx/cloudresumechallenge).

### keyb

A simple [TUI](https://github.com/kencx/keyb) for creating and viewing custom
hotkeys cheatsheets on the terminal. Built with Go, supports fuzzy filtering and fully
customizable.

### dotfiles

A collection of my [dotfiles](https://github.com/kencx/dotfiles) and custom
scripts I've amassed.
