content/colophon.md, before:

---
title: "Colophon"
date: 2022-07-01T22:16:33+08:00
lastmod:
draft: false
toc: false
url: "/colophon/"
---

This site is built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) and hosted on
[Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/). The source code is hosted on
[Github](https://github.com/kencx/source) and automatically deployed via Github
Actions with every new change.

The theme is a modified Jekyll theme [Dark
Reader](https://github.com/sharadcodes/jekyll-theme-dark-reader) which I ported
to Hugo and tweaked to my linking. The colorscheme is inspired by [Gruvbox
Dark](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox) and
[kanagawa](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim), and the font is
[FiraCode](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode).

The site aims to be lightweight, responsive and secure. It has no tracking,
little to no JavaScript and is inspired by
[bettermotherfuckingwebsite](https://bettermotherfuckingwebsite.com/).

## Structure

The site is first and foremost a [personal knowledge base]({{< ref
"/posts/hugo-serve" >}}), and second a blog. It aims to store my notes and
information in a [Zettelkasten Method](https://zettelkasten.de/introduction/)
like manner. It is also a place for me to discuss and share my interests,
whatever they may be at the time.

Commit message:

remove some links, add keyb project

content/colophon.md, after:

---
title: "Colophon"
date: 2022-07-01T22:16:33+08:00
lastmod:
draft: false
toc: false
url: "/colophon/"
---

This site is built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) and hosted on
[Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/). The source code is hosted on
[Github](https://github.com/kencx/source) and automatically deployed via Github
Actions with every new change.

The theme is a modified Jekyll theme [Dark
Reader](https://github.com/sharadcodes/jekyll-theme-dark-reader) which I ported
to Hugo and tweaked to my liking. The colorscheme is inspired by [Gruvbox
Dark](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox) and
[kanagawa](https://github.com/rebelot/kanagawa.nvim), and the font is
[FiraCode](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode).

The site aims to be lightweight, responsive and secure. It has no tracking,
little to no JavaScript and borrows from
[bettermotherfuckingwebsite](https://bettermotherfuckingwebsite.com/).

Finally, this site is built entirely with
[IndieWeb's](https://indieweb.org/principles) principles in mind.

## Structure

The site is first and foremost a [personal knowledge base]({{< ref
"/posts/hugo-serve" >}}), and second a blog. It aims to store my notes and
information in a [Zettelkasten Method](https://zettelkasten.de/introduction/)
like manner. It is also a place for me to discuss and share my interests,
whatever they may be at the time.

## Software

My preferred text editor is [neovim](https://neovim.io/) on
[st](https://github.com/kencx/st) terminal. I use
[Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md/) to take notes and write drafts before
publishing some of them here.
